[Docs] OR Review 2 (#4159)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD: docs/user/Build.md

cd OpenROAD
```

OpenROAD git submodules (cloned by the `--recursive` flag) are located in `src/`. 

```{note}

> There are 3 methods for building OpenROAD (in order of recommendation): prebuilt binaries, docker images, and finally local build.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three methods for building OpenROAD (in order of recommendation): prebuilt binaries, docker images, and finally, local build.  
```

```

## Build with Prebuilt Binaries

> Courtesy of [Precision Innovations](https://precisioninno.com/), there are pre-built binaries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Courtesy of [Precision Innovations](https://precisioninno.com/), there are prebuilt binaries
```
